Understand the writing style of Fabien Vehlmann, Cormac McCarthy, Victor Hugo and Antoine de St Exupéry and write the 3 first chapters of this story by keeping the core idea but make it a prize worthy story, the informations not relevant to the first 3 chapters are only here for context. The 3 chapters will be (1. The fall; 2. Waking up, initial situation; 3. We see Simera and her girlfriend struggling to make money, Simera doing a small work, sow the seeds of her thinking about creating Mementos). Make sure the chapters are lengthy and impactful, this is not a race so take your time to do descriptions in their fullest and their most beautiful form. I don't want to find parts of the inspirations into the story you will write but it should be it's own story, as a blend of the writing style of the mentioned authors. Here is the core idea:
Story about a world in which the company "Heri" exists. This is a company that sells memories (Mementos) that a person recorded and that allows someone to live it again.
In this world there are the people consuming those memories and the ones creating them, putting themselves in extremely dangerous situations. Oftentimes, the more dangerous or depraved the situation is, the more Heri is willing to pay for those memories.
The protagonist will be named "Simera". I want it to start in medias res, with Simera being on the edge of a skyscraper, she takes a breath in and jumps, free diving to the bottom (the reader doesn't know it yet but she is "playing" a Memento), the scenes is beautiful, she starts in a hospital gown and she just ends up nakedas she falls, free,  this scene should be a very long description, using a passionate french kiss as a metaphor for her feeling the fall and approaching the ground, make it sensual, desirable, intense.
The fall scene cuts the moment she is about to touch the ground, it needs to put the reader in a very tense mood already. Then we see Simera in her bed (chapter 2 starts), pale and sweaty, coming out of the memory. Her girlfriend (Liz) is sitting next to her, toying with a small machine, she turns and tells her that it seemed like this one was really intense.
I want her girlfriend to not use the Memento system out of principle, but she doesn't guilt Simera about that, she is a scam with some wit, she is a bit of a pathetic scammer but i'd like it to be a way for her to justify her absurdist living, some of the plot could revolve around Simera losing more and more sensibility and her girlfriend is here to remind us of that. The losing of sensibility could be seen in their relationship (no pleasure from mundane moments, sexual intercourse, etc…)
Simera wants to get into creating memories, taking on more and more hardcore scenarios
It is not said but some stuff about Simera could be shown through the kind of Mementos she likes to use (following the show don’t tell, we could see her preferences like for example she prefers mementos of death and of woman on woman sexual relationships)
There could be a whole black market of illegal memories (murder, drugs, etc...) that could be interesting to explore in the story
I want the girlfriend to represent Absurdist philosophy, clashing with the increasingly nihilist view of Simera
Someone using a Memento doesn't know they are using a memento while they are in the experience
There could be a chapter that is ambiguous, where we don't know if Simera is playing a memento or not in a very clever way.
Fluid natural transitions (why did she start wanting to create, maybe seeing how some people become super wealthy and live lavish lives out of the money they make by creating. Kinda like the pressure to post on social media that’s created by stuff like tiktok today, or kinda the same way women used to become mistresses in the past because it was their only chance of getting out of poverty)
Maybe it could be a thing that the people who are consuming mementos don’t like it as much if the person creating it knows they are creating a memento, because when they consume it they also feel that they are in a memento whereas if they didn’t know they’ll probably feel it much more. Leading to some memento creators taking amnesia medicines/drugs before creating (it should just be a thing and not the center of the story)
This could also be a whole commentary on the porn industry and the way it lures people in and they end up doing more and more extreme stuff
As the story goes on, stuff/her memories/what she has around her becomes more and more blurry and confusing, showing that she is losing touch more and more, this could be interesting to pace that with her consuming experiences, like at one point she doesn’t recognize where she is because she is in a memento, and later the same happen but it’s her own life. That would be good if the reader is as confused as Simera and may need a second read to really figure out if she is in a memento or not. There will be some horror in figuring what is real and what isn’t

Now get to writing, make me feel, make me dread, MAKE ME FUCKING CRY
